`Alert` documentation update (#2507)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/alert/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

</Hds::Alert>
!!!

> ### Informational Alerts

Reviewer: I see you have this section organized after "Critical alerts." Based on the existing documentation, which type of alert would be used more regularly? Would you change how the content in the Colors section is displayed?

> Use the highlight and neutral alert variants for non-urgent messages like updates, promotions, or non-critical warnings. These non-disruptive alerts are ideal for information or upsells that don't need immediate attention, while critical, success, or warning alerts should be reserved for urgent situations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `highlight` and `neutral` variants for non-urgent messages like updates, promotions, or non-critical warnings. These non-disruptive alerts are ideal for information or upsells that don't need immediate attention, while `critical`, `success`, or `warning` alerts should be reserved for urgent situations.
```

Reviewer 2: Small suggestion on formatting.

> Designers can use these variants as needed in Figma. The Ember component renders without role="alert" and with aria-live="off", ensuring that assistive technologies won't treat them as urgent, aligning with their informational purpose.

Reviewer: This doesn't feel necessary to mention in the Guidelines. If you feel it should stay, I would remove the first sentence, as it doesn't provide any value.

Reviewer 3: +1 to Heather's suggestion here. Designers don't need to do anything different when using these variants as-is.

> Designers can apply these variants as needed in Figma. In development, they are already configured without `role= "alert"` and with `aria-live= "off"` meaning assistive technologies won't treat them as urgent, which aligns with their informational purpose.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] this seems to clean things up a bit.

```suggestion
Designers can use these variants as needed in Figma. The Ember component renders without role="alert" and with aria-live="off", ensuring that assistive technologies won't treat them as urgent, aligning with their informational purpose.
```

</Hds::Alert>
!!!

### Informational Alerts

Use Informational alerts, like highlight and neutral variants, for less urgent messages. These include updates, promotions, and non-urgent warnings. These alerts are non-disruptive. They suit info messages or up-sells that don't need immediate attention. Use critical, success, or warning alerts instead for errors or urgent situations.

!!! Info 

> Since there isn't a Figma counterpart for these, it’s important to collaborate with your engineering partner to ensure proper use and accessibility.

Reviewer 4: [question] As a reader/consumer, I am not sure what I am supposed to do here. I know/see that there are `highlight` and `neutral` variants in Figma, so what am I supposed to do? what is missing? what should I do/discuss with my engineering partner? I would be confused 🤔

Author: That is true. I'm going to add some more details about this.

Reviewer 5: The defaults have been updated in the associated PR: https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/pull/2500

So for that reason, there is unlikely anything that engineering partners would need to do. I would just explain about the default behaviors, i.e., that the neutral & variants do not include `role="alert"` and `aria-live="polite"` as the other Alert colors do so that they will not unnecessarily disrupt users.

You could perhaps leverage some of @MelSumner's language in the Jira ticket as well:
"Since an element with the role of alert or alertdialog (i.e., our alert component) is read to the user before any other content is read, alerts should specifically be saved for important things such as errors, server issues, etc."
